Move new changes to v6 (#156)
patternfly/react-data-view: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/data-view/examples/Toolbar/Toolbar.md

import { DataViewToolbar } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewToolbar';
import { DataViewTable } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewTable';
import { DataViewFilters } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewFilters';
import { DataViewTextFilter } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewTextFilter';
import { DataViewCheckboxFilter } from '@patternfly/react-data-view/dist/dynamic/DataViewCheckboxFilter';

The **data view toolbar** component renders a default opinionated data view toolbar above or below the data section. 

Data view toolbar can contain pagination, bulk select, filters, actions, or other custom child content. To pass child items to the toolbar, use the [toolbar item](/components/toolbar#toolbar-items) component or predefined `<DataViewToolbar>` props for specific use cases.

You can further customize toolbar interactions by referring to the additional documentation: 
- [Actions](#toolbar-actions)
- [Pagination](#pagination)
- [Selection](#selection)
- [Filters](#filters)

### Toolbar example

```js file="./DataViewToolbarExample.tsx"

```

## Toolbar actions

> To support additional user needs, you can pass relevant actions to the toolbar via `actions`. Add standard PatternFly actions (like buttons) or choose predefined [responsive actions](/component-groups/responsive-actions) which ensure the responsive behavior of multiple actions in one toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support additional user needs, you can pass relevant actions to the toolbar via `actions`. Add standard PatternFly actions (like buttons) or choose predefined [responsive actions](/component-groups/responsive-actions) which ensure the responsive behavior of multiple actions in 1 toolbar.
```

### Actions example

```js file="./DataViewToolbarActionsExample.tsx"

```

## Pagination

To help users navigate data records that span multiple pages, add pagination support to your toolbar.

> The data view toolbar can display a pagination using the `pagination` prop. You can also pass a custom `ouiaId` for testing purposes to the toolbar. You can also persist pagination values in the URL, to make it easier to share or bookmark specific pages of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data view toolbar can display a pagination using the `pagination` prop. You can also pass a custom `ouiaId` to the toolbar for testing purposes. You can also persist pagination values in the URL to make it easier to share or bookmark specific pages of your data.
```

You can also pass custom `pageParam` or `perPageParam` names, renaming the pagination parameters in the URL.

The retrieved values are named to match the PatternFly pagination component props.

**Return values:**
- Current `page` number.
- `onSetPage` to modify current page.
- Items `perPage` value.
- `onPerPageSelect` to modify per page value.

### Pagination example
This example uses the URL to persist the pagination state.

```js file="./PaginationExample.tsx"

```

## Selection
To allow users to select data records inside the data view, add selection support that displays a row's selection state.

The data view toolbar can display a bulk selection component by using the predefined [component group extension bulk select](/extensions/component-groups/bulk-select) component.

### Selection state

The `useDataViewSelection` hook manages the selection state of the data view. 

**Initial values:**
- Optional `initialSelected` array of record's identifiers selected by default.

> - `matchOption` function to check if given record is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `matchOption` function to check if the record is selected.
```

    - When no `matchOption` is passed, the `Array.prototype.includes()` operation is performed on the `selected` array.

**Return values:**
- `selected` array of currently selected records.

> - `isSelected` function returning the selection state for given record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `isSelected` function returning the selection state for the record.
```

> - `onSelect` callback to modify the selection state and accepting `isSelecting` flag indicating if records are changing to selected or deselected and `items` containing affected records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onSelect` callback to modify the selection state. This accepts the `isSelecting` flag (indicates if records are being selected or deselected) and `items` (affected records).
```
